Moved python cheatsheet under cheatsheet file (#8689)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: more/free-programming-cheatsheets.md

* [Comprehensive Python Cheatsheet](https://gto76.github.io/python-cheatsheet) - Jure Šorn (HTML)
* [Learn Python in Y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/python/) - LearnXinYMinutes (HTML)
* [Official Matplotlib cheat sheets](https://github.com/matplotlib/cheatsheets) - Matplotlib.org (LaTeX, PDF)

> * [Python Basics Cheat Sheet](https://www.utc.fr/~jlaforet/Suppl/python-cheatsheets.pdf) - Data Camp (PDF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Python For Data Science Cheat Sheet](https://www.utc.fr/~jlaforet/Suppl/python-cheatsheets.pdf) - Data Camp (PDF)
```
Please provide the names provided by the resource

* [Comprehensive Python Cheatsheet](https://gto76.github.io/python-cheatsheet) - Jure Šorn (HTML)
* [Learn Python in Y minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/python/) - LearnXinYMinutes (HTML)
* [Official Matplotlib cheat sheets](https://github.com/matplotlib/cheatsheets) - Matplotlib.org (LaTeX, PDF)

> * [Python For Data Science Cheat Sheet](https://www.utc.fr/~jlaforet/Suppl/python-cheatsheets.pdf) - Data Camp (PDF)

Reviewer: Can you provide the official link from data camp

> * [Python For Data Science Cheat Sheet](https://www.utc.fr/~jlaforet/Suppl/python-cheatsheets.pdf) - Data Camp (PDF)

Reviewer: Looks like multiple cheatsheets were compiled into one here. Data Camp website has each page as a seperate cheatsheet. What can we do about this?

https://www.datacamp.com/cheat-sheet/category/python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Python For Data Science Cheat Sheet](https://www.datacamp.com/cheat-sheet/python-for-data-science-a-cheat-sheet-for-beginners) - Data Camp (PDF)
```
